
    What is this purpose of this Git repository? (duh!)
    The purpose of this repository was three fold. First, to store my work in the cloud so that I could access it anywhere and track changes over time. Second, so I could present my work to others in a neat and professional manner. Additionally, GitHub allows developers to succesffuly collaborate on projects. And lastly, so I could see everything I acomplished over the course of the semester in one location.                                                  

    What was your favorite lab or assignment and why?
    Since I really enjoyed C++ and Comp 11/15 I have to say my favorite assignment was server side and the semester project. The labs were enjoyable but it's not until you're building your own server that you feel proficent in a skill you have learned. On the semester project, I took what I learned in assignment 3 and applied it to our project. I also did further research to create a 600 line file which incorporates a geolocation API, weather API and a music algorithm. I enjoyed it so much that I would procrastinate doing other work by working on this file. There is no feeling like seeing many different concepts youve learned come together before your eyes. JavaScript may be my favorite language yet.
                                             
    How much do you think you have grown from day 1 of this course to now?
    The above is an example of how much I've grown. I came into this course wanting to know more about what most of us spend half our day using, a web browser. I am not only more proficent in markup languages and web development, but I feel that I have matured as a computer sceintist. Learning data structures and C++ synatax is useful, but learning CSS, JavaScript, HTML, Node.js and more is what allows you to take that foundation in the discipline and build useful programs.
                                                
    What was the most important thing that you learned in this course? Cite two examples as evidence.
 	I believe the most important concept I learned was the theme of request/response and asynchronous interactions. 
 	Understanding the HTTP status codes is extremely useful for not just coding but also practical applications. I now know that if I am surfing the web and I get a 500, it's the server and not me making a mistake. Meanwhile if I get a 403 I know I'm the one making a mistake. Additionally, understanding that these requests and responses are made in an asynchrnous fashion is not intutivie and is very imporant for designing applications. I can't request temperature data from a weather API if I dont yet have the coordinates from a geolocation API -- understanding that the web server can "multi-task" is vital to ensuring your application works.
                    
    Now that you have finished the course, what topic would you like to delve deeper into?
  	Honestly, soemthing I feel like I need to improve on is my git skills. I had never heard of git before I started this course. I thought git was some random web application we would be using for the class, boy was I mistaken. Git is used in every aspect of developent and is genuniely useful. However, thoughout the course I, as well as many others, made jokes that using git was the hardest part about the course. It isn't intuitive and takes time to master. I feel like I have only scratched the surface and would love to know what else I can use git for in my computer science endeavors
